docs: Add warning for <MASK> (#959)
threlte/threlte: apps/docs/src/content/reference/extras/mask.mdx

      extends: { type: 'Mesh', url: 'https://threejs.org/docs/index.html#api/en/objects/Mesh' },
      'props':
        [
          {
            name: 'id',
            type: 'number',
            required: false,
            default: '1',
            'description': 'Each mask must have an id, you can have compound masks referring to the same id.'
          },
          {
            name: 'colorWrite',
            type: 'boolean',
            required: false,
            default: 'false',
            'description': 'If colors of the masks own material will leak through.'
          },
          {
            name: 'depthWrite',
            type: 'boolean',
            required: false,
            default: 'false',
            'description': 'If depth  of the masks own material will leak through.'
          }
        ]
    }
}
---

Masks use the stencil buffer to cut out areas of the screen. This component is a port of [drei's `<Mask>` component](https://github.com/pmndrs/drei#mask).

> <Tip type="warning">Starting from [three.js v163](https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js/releases/tag/r163), stencil is set to `false` by default. To enable stencil's, set your canvas's renderer params like so `<Canvas rendererParameters={{ stencil: true }}>`. In prior versions of three.js the default is `true` already.</Tip>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Tip type="warning">The Mask component requires Three.js to render with a stencil buffer. As of [r163](https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js/releases/tag/r163), stencil is set to `false` by default. To enable the stencil buffer, set it in your canvas's renderer params: `<Canvas rendererParameters={{ stencil: true }}>`. In prior versions the default is `true` already.</Tip>
```
